HeeJin: Oh~
HeeJin: Pretty~
(Go Won is looking at...)
(JinSoul...)
(And JinSoul is looking at...)
(Kim Lip from LOOΠΔ Long Jacket Squad!)
(And Yves is also here!)
Choerry: Mic test!
Go Won: Ah~!
Choerry: It has started, mic time~
Go Won: Mic time~
Go Won: I'm Go Won~
Choerry: Go Won was curious about this mic~
Go Won: Well~ can they see this mic?
Go Won: It's so amazing~
Go Won: You are curious, right?
(Their subject is changed from a mic to a flower!)
Choerry: It's so beatiful~
Choerry: They told us that...
Choerry: they will give us a flower after the filming~
Choerry: We will receive gifts even in the set!!
Choerry: Oh, the flower~
Choerry: Why is this flower here...
Go Won: It looks like...
Go Won: I'm feeling like I saw someone shaking flowers like this~
(Who is the criminal?)
Go Won: Someone just shook the flowers~
Choerry: Shhh~
Go Won: Actually, I don't know who did it~